# Interview-for-TrustLab

In this project, I first spent some time figuring out what this data set consisted of in order to see what I wanted to do with it. I came to the conclusion that I would do analysis on location of data point. I had to sift the data quite a bit in order to find data that I could work with. I reduced the original data set into one that was much smaller, however this smaller one contained all the data that held latitudes and longitudes that were not NaN. I then wanted to cluster the data into specific regions of the country, however after further analysis, I found that I could go for an even smaller portion of the data that would allow me to categorize each data point into provinces. The first scatter plot is all the data with latitudes and longitudes, and then following scatter plots are only the data with a province associated with it.

This is where I built my supervised machine learning model using K-nearest neighbors. I ran this with varied amount of neighbors. I then created a testing data set by randomly selecting latitudes and longitudes between the range that the model was based around. Then I used only the model with 6 neighbors to classify each data point of the testing set. If you look at the final two graphs, and line up the colors(which do not represent the same thing from one graph to another) you will see that my model was able to predict each province where a simulated social media post was made.

Below that I discuss how I could have trained an unsupervised learning model to categorize the larger sets of data into clusters. I don't know at what scale the data would be clustered, whether it was states, cities, ect of the country that the data was collected in. This then could've been analyzed more and with outside research, I could have looked up where each of these clusters were based around. Then find what part of the country is nearest to the mean and give each cluster a title based on their mean locations name.
